human history is littered with the
corpses of people who had stuff worth
stealing animals water
shiny things
certain land
spices
not mix lice but when it came to stuff
worth pinching one continent head of
ivory copper cotton rubber with ten gold
diamonds and people as cheap energy
slaves were unbeatable
until the less troublesome energy source
was discovered and the new era began
human numbers increased five times over
and with each person wanting more and
more stuff oil became the resource worth
fighting for all around the world
I know the real reason went to war in
Iraq according to former Federal Reserve
Chairman Alan Greenspan it's simple
three letter answer not WMD it's oh I L
I am saddened that it's politically
inconvenient to acknowledge what
everyone knows that the Iraq war is
largely about oil you might read the ex
chairman of shell that said over the
weekend that oil could hit over a
hundred and fifty dollars a barrel as
world production begins to peak not
really good news for a country whose
entire economy not to mention its entire
way of life is based on cheap oil